add server-specific orb author guide (#6486)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/orb-author-intro.md

Every organization registered on CircleCI is able to claim **one** unique [namespace]({{site.baseurl}}/2.0/orb-concepts/#namespaces). This includes your personal organization and any organization you are a member of. As each organization or user account is limited to a single namespace, in order to register the namespace for an organization you must be the _owner_ of the organization.

> **Note:** Within CircleCI, we sometimes refer to individual users as "organizations" or "personal organizations", since from our perspective there aren't notable differences. Hence some commands refer to an `org-name`. This can simply be your GitHub username.

Reviewer: The style guide says we shouldn't (should not!) use contractions. How about "there are no notable differences"?

Author: Ah yes didn't spot that, thanks!

> **Note:** Within CircleCI, we sometimes refer to individual users as "organizations" or "personal organizations", since from our perspective there aren't notable differences. Hence some commands refer to an `org-name`. This can simply be your GitHub username.

Author: ```suggestion
**Note:** Within CircleCI, we sometimes refer to individual users as "organizations" or "personal organizations", since from our perspective there are no notable differences. Hence, some commands refer to an `org-name`. This can simply be your GitHub or Bitbucket username.
```
